Close Home About Our Services Hair Transplant Services Direct Hair Transplant in Bangalore Cost of Hair Transplant - Bangalore Direct Hair Transplant For Male Hair Transplant For Female Failed Hair Transplant Repair Beard Transplant Eyebrow Restoration Celebrity Hair Transplants Unshaven Hair Transplant Body Hair Transplant Hair Loss Treatments Neo-Follicle Stem Cell Therapy PRP Hair Loss Treatment Growth Factor Concentrate (GFC) Neo QR678 Treatment Exosome Therapy Low Level Laser Hair Therapy Scalp Hair Micro-pigmentation (MPG) Alopecia Treatment Dandruff Solutions International Patients Hair Transplant Medical Tourism Gallery Image Gallery Video Gallery Blogs Call Now Try Our Free AI Hair Assessment Report & Cost Calculator We use artificial intelligence to calculate the approximate cost of hair transplantation. Get Your Free Hair Report We use the latest AI image recognition technology to assess your current hair condition, providing you with the information you need. How Does It Work? Complete the assessment in 3 easy steps! Take A Photo Take a high-resolution photo of your scalp in good light and upload it. Focus on the area you want to analyze with our tool. High-quality images are essential for accurate analysis. We recommend using your smartphone's camera. Wait for the AI to analyze your images! Let the artificial intelligence analyze your hair condition using a database of over 15,000 images. Al will examine your photos, identify your hair condition, and accurately determine your current stage of hair loss. Get Your Report Get a detailed report describing the possible causes of your hair loss and the solutions that are proven to be the most effective based on current research. It also provides a estimate of numbers of graft and the cost of hair transplant. Get Your Free Hair Report Your Trusted Hair Transplant Surgeon in Bangalore Expertise. Experience. Excellence. Dr. Sandeep Mahapatra brings it all to every hair restoration journey. Dr Sandeep Mahapatra Senior Consultant Dermatologist, Cosmetic Expert & Hair Transplant Surgeon Founder, Neo Follicle Transplant Clinic in Marathahalli, Whitefield - Bangalore 20+ Years of Experience 10000+ Hair Transplants Performed 500+ International Patients 6,000,000+ Hair Follicles Transplanted 100,000+ PRP Sessions Completed 18+ Hair Transplant Surgeons Trained 55+ Skilled Assistants Trained Click Here to Learn More Abour Dr Sandeep Mahapatra Click the below button to Book Your Appointment with Dr Sandeep Mahapatra. Get Your Free Hair Report Client Testimonials Restore your hair with cutting-edge hair transplant techniques performed by Dr. Sandeep Mahapatra, a renowned Hair Transplant Surgeon. Achieve natural-looking, permanent results with the latest innovations in hair restoration. Google Reviews & YouTube Review Videos I did my hair transplant on 6th of June. I have glad to share my experience, so, before hair transplant I had lots of confusion wheather I am going to do or not because lots of rumours in your surrounding.Then I planned to visit neo follicles and I met Dr Sandeep Mahapatra, trust me I cleared all my doubts and fixed the date for hair transplant.The procedure was going very smoothly and the staffs were very kind and polite . I didn't feel any pain during the procedure.They explained me proper steps pre and post HT.It's been almost 1 month and m very satisfied with the process and hope for the best result in future😀🤞Specially thanks to all the staffs, Ms Chandra and Sandeep Sir for their work.👍 Suvam Nayak I live in Europe but did a bit of research before homing in on getting my FUE done in India(not getting into the nitty gritty of why but there was a reason).I enquired with 4 centres and eventually decided to go with Neo Follicle clinic. Reason was simple, I found the replies that I got from Chandra, clear, straightforward and correct.At no point I felt that things are being sold to me. The cost for 4000 grafts was also reasonable quite frankly. I also spoke with Dr. Sandeep and got answers to all the queries. In fact, because there is a long travel involved, I was suggested to stay in Bangalore for 5 days so that if in case some assistance is required, it can be given.On the D - day, the procedure started on time and all the staff was very courteous and positive. For cleanliness freaks like me, the clinic and the OT were spick and span.Would like to give my sincere thanks to Dr Sandeep, Chandra, Navneet, Pooja and Manju for making this journey smooth.Its been 1 month since then and I’m following every thing post procedure by the book. Hoping for positive results. Fingers crossed. Abhay Chaudhary View More Testimonials HT Cost Calculator Instagram LinkedIn Disclaimer Statement : The information published on this website is generic in nature and the results vary from case to case basis. The contents of the website is not meant to replace an in-person consultation. Please follow the advise of your doctor via in-person consultation. This website will not assume any legal responsibility for the patient’s medical condition. Call: +91 97312 07940 Whatsapp Explore Our YouTube Channel Book Now Facebook Instagram LinkedIn You Tube Neo Follicle Transplant Clinic is a hair transplant and hair loss treatment clinic in Bangalore, founded and led by Dr. Sandeep Mahapatra, Senior Dermatologist and Hair Transplant Surgeon, offering advanced hair transplant procedures and non-surgical hair restoration treatments for men, women, celebrities, and international patients. Our Clinic Address 1st floor, Scorpio House,Near Marathahalli Bridge Munnekoala, Near Marathahalli Bridge Service Rd, Opp. Purvankara Apt, Opposite to Purva Apartments, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560037 To Book An Appointment Click below button. Call # +91 - 97312 07940 Privacy Policy Terms Of Use ©2025 Neo Follicle Transplant Clinic. A Unit of Neofollicle and Neofertility Clinic LLP. All Rights Reserved. Website Designed & Maintained By HappiMed